alright hello everybody and welcome to
the IPF SJS core team weekly sync yay a
lot of holidays so a lot of people are
out but we will go ahead and get started
since we are so short I'm just gonna go
ahead and take note taker and we will
jump into this if you haven't already
added your name to the attendees list
please do so now and also add your
update if you haven't done so and we'll
jump in with Jim who is out she was
working on ipfs camp course seed it's
looking at some test lab stuff and he's
out this week on vacation and is gonna
be working on finishing up some ipfs
camp stuff if you have any questions for
him you can email him or wait until he
back all right next up me yeah so last
week and this week a lot of prep for
ipfs camp course B as part of that I was
running through some annoying things
with Lib p2p like let PDP creation so
let P be now exports create let p2p
method the link to the docs are in the
crib pad basically that lets you create
a Lapita p instance the same way as the
constructor but you no longer have to
create a peer info in advance so if you
don't care about the peer info and the
default works for you you can just
create that and move on with your life
also fix an issue with the switch where
when we blacklist if an incoming dial
happens will reset the blacklist we were
doing that previously so this helps
especially on local if you're booting up
one node before the other and you do
mdns discovery like you can end up
breaking some connection there and be
blacklisted for a little bit so that
will get corrected yeah and then along
with my PFS course be work i'm going to
be working on connection prioritization
and limb p2p so
what that will let us do is for things
like jeaious ipfs in the browser will be
able to specify our priority nodes like
the preload nodes and say that hey we
don't want to lose connections to these
so when the connection manager calls
connections we will calling those ones
and then we'll try to maintain
connections to those nodes and that is
it for me any questions
configuration is sounds really cool is
there any update on the delegated
routing stuff like is that something
that will be ready by a previous camp
we're trying to do that I'm not sure yet
bashko has been picking that up since
I've been pretty busy but we synched
with Michael Burns and so he's working
on getting that configuration so we're
just trying to sort through what exactly
needs to be configured and how that
needs to be configured with go so I
think we'll huh yeah try to get that
going before and really be like special
nodes or will we use like we talked
about just using the preload notes for
that I guess it makes sense
well yeah I guess it makes sense but at
the same time like having kind of like a
failure mode where like if pretty well
doesn't worry you can still do I get it
Robin because you can still use circuit
relay can be a good thing so so yeah do
whatever it's possible I know my time is
short but I just have in mind they're
like what's separating them might be
like a wiser choice in there no term
right yeah and I think yeah having
separate nodes but I think at least in
the interim that will go is kind of a
work around for ipfs cap stuff and then
as because I think ideally we would have
dedicated notes for that or we just
wouldn't need it because we have throw a
connection but yeah okay
any questions
I had a question about the connection
prioritization that you were using tags
or something like that is all right yeah
so one method we had talked about
relating it to tagging manager there's a
lot of things that we need to new you a
lot of things that we some of the things
that we need to do are for like the the
subsystems like the DHT and pops up and
things like that
is what we're looking at with connection
management is to be able to specify like
subsystems that that potentially comes
from a lot of this is going to be worked
out in the connection manager v2 spec
which is still in very very early draft
stage but being able to tag the
connection with all of those components
but we may not I probably won't do
tagging right now just because the
connection manager v2 is going to come
out so it was probably going to be a
more crude version of that but I haven't
quite decided what that's going to look
like but I'll probably put together a
proposal this week when I start working
on that
so beyond connections are sort of like
have to be maintained and they'll bring
themselves back up if they go down what
other kind of things would there be
so there's bringing them back up and
then connection manager not cooling them
so when we hit the connection manager
max they all get a pass when it goes
into the check nodes if they happen to
be ranked low which is probably not
going to happen because they'll probably
have a lot of traffic going through them
if they are wrinkly though we'll we'll
skip calling those
all right next is Vasco who is also out
he's working with Michael burns and
infra on getting the delegated routing
notes up and running also working on IP
NS / pub/sub Interop issues to do he's
looking at rhe provider worked for Jas
ipfs because one of the things we need
with the DHT is to actually reap revise
so content doesn't expire or our provide
calls don't expire after one day because
that's I believe one day is the default
or geus or for that th to you provides
reviewing a lot of async migration work
from kuma vez on DHT thanks again Kumar
vez for that and he's working on a
presentation that he'll be presenting
with rock at the Avera university for
master's work and then a few other
things interrupt chess for a hybrid
pub/sub network so i think that's with
getting gossip sub working and then
falling back to floods up we're going to
interrupt for that have questions for
bashko reach out to him he should be
back tomorrow and I slept Dirk yeah so I
just been working on figuration profiles
which is like you know if you have a if
you're running your nodes in a data
center you can quickly specify the
configuration for it and next time I'm
going to work on on looking for the
pinning system at the moment there's no
locking so it could cause some problems
if people are doing a lot of pin updates
at the same time I'm also gonna be doing
a refactor of the pinning codes so that
it works a little bit more like the go
system wherein you can do a bunch of pin
changes and then flush them all out at
once
cool key questions for Dirk
you
No all right Alex okay so yeah so that's
what you've got the PR merge for having
the IP of us promotion bow to
async/await
which is amazing that got released I
integrated
hugo's was an implementation of the
wrapping chunker into u- s which is
great also has some interrupts s4 so we
can now guarantee that the
representations the same tango chairs
fixed all the bugs in NPM on I give s at
least you know closed with the issues
and and working on the road map for
package managers special interest group
next is my pair first cam
I'll give us can Nike first camp so I
own MP a little box which is going to
run the registry that we have running on
chair stop packages or whatever is ready
so yeah registry chair type your best ok
it's going to run on this Raspberry Pi
as and him in the box so I've started
adding support for mdns can broadcast
for the network hey I'm here and then
you can use Antioch EFS which would then
find up and use that as the you know
make a connection to that directly
because there's other packages which
would be super cool when the internet
goes down at the camp which of course
it's going to happen it's not gonna
happen but of course it's gonna yes then
I going to because so needs kind of
gather running so they'd start syncing
NPM so that's so I don't have its own
hotel room long time buzzing away like
like I did in Cosco anyway so that is
gonna be me too okay maybe tomorrow
morning and after that the course the
p2p course has take up a small in any
questions no questions
I'm glad that I am p.m. is it's bug free
bugs hello world is like not that
question and just like a curiosity like
I remember like a one of the big pitches
my car dark because like the lighting
situation here one of the beaches 11:00
p.m. on ipfs back in 2015/16 was really
like the install modules without
internet like in cell modules without
collecting twenty place and i since then
like that messaging has changed to oh
we're like the core of the registry and
you can now like just point to this
registry when you think about that like
voir is the reason why the change in in
that communication and why aren't we
making more like from facing like the
that demo where like one person can like
just take that the cable the error at
cables from the the the switch for the
router to make sure like there is no
internet and still install modules from
machine to machine be I think the irony
I think it wasn't a conscious change I
think it was just like this is the thing
that we've built let's talk about it and
then people start talking about that
anonymous done I think the thing that
kind of interests me is like publishing
I pianist names for all the modules and
because then you actually need a
centralized registry a tool if you can
resolve and I pianist named the results
to a parking I mean that way you'd see
the funds talked about yeah but you just
be the one I'd be nesting for an entire
registry right like you don't need
twelve from that because if you like if
I write a module and I published might
be nesting them cool down that module
without needing a centralized anything
where is if you'll publishing one up in
listening for our registry then they
message was yeah yeah like what I'm
thinking is like from where we are today
today like to just saying that because I
penis will be publishing one record from
going where we are today to adding
distributed publishing where I people
can I own their own publishing to the
IFS Network yes I careless who have
their own
agonist keys and and like
which their names yeah absolutely mmm
that's like it's something to consider
right like it is definitely important to
just like spark the magic in people's
eyes like to to remember that I hey like
here's the thing like when you are
offline the thing doesn't work and B I'm
just crashes or like your neighbor
cannot install the thing but we aren't
able at BFS like that that's a feature
there's already bacon like it's already
like a a promise that is fulfilled in
and it's there and I think either the
registry yesterday oh I kind of like
although it provides a Casio piece of
infrastructure it also as hidden like
one of these very cool features like I
mean I'm just highlighting that because
like from all the conversations I've
been having like people I don't seem to
get that the thing about empty my BFS is
actually that you can I just read
packages from your machine to the next
machine and so on they always think it's
just about like having like mirrors
that's it's behind HTTP 10 points but
like you still are like using HTTP
anyway agree I mean I think the mirror
is like the least interesting thing the
whole thing exactly is this like yeah we
like entropic coming along people
Stein's talk about distributed
registries and with you know like get
Homes registry as well and all that like
now is the time to start saying hey look
this stuff can be distributed to you
know and here is a toaster for you to do
it interesting
yeah indefinitely like entropic it's
kind of like a great first step towards
that conversation because like it's
about Federation and information is not
just about like connecting a bunch of
leaders in in making them like shared
alone it does talk about like what is
the the authority that keeps publishing
like the update to the packages like who
says like like who confirms that like
it's Alex publishing a package right and
then like it gets uh psych into the
right direction to other conversation or
like we can take a step further and I
like composing distributed still
federated like the Federation
see important because you still want to
have some authorities that I can protect
the users and can provide convenience
but if you want to go like full-length
and like just like me or your own
publisher you can yeah is anyone like
from in traffic coming to people's camp
I don't think so cuz the thing you've
been around for I come on well is it
worth still inviting them I think it is
yeah sure absolutely when I shoot an
email I'm sure all right
do we have anything else
there's nobody here for crusty updates
other notes Vasco is out on Friday for
his presentation and then I am
technically out next week but I will
likely be around working on ipfs camp
stuff but yeah
if that is it I'm sorry one thing a lot
only like inviting like Chris Dickinson
and CJ sir I seen that mean it's your of
us can do you have any rooms left
definitely check with events theme like
that response I've been getting is like
if it's super important for the success
of the project or for like whatever
conversations we want to have they can
make a way to figure it out but it
requires some shuffling it would be
great if like for the events team it
would be great if we have thought about
this like a month ago but I can so your
team will sleep outside and tends to
make it yeah well you can always I sleep
by the pool and I yeah yeah but I I
think it's doable
if it's important
all right thank you all yeah that's it
all right thanks everybody see you next
week bye